Some kids piss their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.
Chuck Norris once visited the Virgin Islands. They are now The Islands.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
Leading hand sanitizers claim they can kill 99.9 percent of germs. Chuck Norris can kill 100 percent of whatever the fuck he wants.
Chuck Norris tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
Chuck Norris calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd; no one fools Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
Once, while having sex in a tractor-trailer, part of Chuck Norris sperm escaped and got into the engine. We now know this truck as Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris puts the "laughter" in "manslaughter".
If you spell Chuck Norris wrong on Google it doesnt say, "Did you mean Chuck Norris?" It simply replies, "Run while you still have the chance."
On a high school math test, Chuck Norris put down "Violence" as every one of the answers. He got an A+ on the test because Chuck Norris solves all his problems with Violence.
Chuck Norris owns the greatest Poker Face of all-time. It helped him win the 1983 World Series of Poker despite him holding just a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoly card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game Uno.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck Norris once won a game of Connect Four in 3 moves.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Chuck Norris was originally cast as the main character in 24, but was replaced by the producers when he managed to kill every terrorist and save the day in 12 minutes and 37 seconds.
Chuck Norris died ten years ago, but the Grim Reaper cant get up the courage to tell him.
Chuck Norris does not hunt because the word hunting implies the possibility of failure. Chuck Norris goes killing.
Chuck Norris can slam revolving doors.
If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says its beef, then its fucking beef.
Chuck Norris can have both feet on the ground and kick ass at the same time.
Superman owns a pair of Chuck Norris pajamas.
Giraffes were created when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.
Chuck Norris doesnt read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris secretly sleeps with every woman in the world once a month. They bleed for a week as a result.
When Chuck Norris gives you the finger, hes telling you how many seconds you have left to live.
Chuck Norris dog is trained to pick up his own poop because Chuck Norris will not take shit from anyone.
Chuck Norris sold his soul to the devil for his rugged good looks and unparalleled martial arts ability. Shortly after the transaction was finalized, Chuck roundhouse kicked the devil in the face and took his soul back. The devil, who appreciates irony, couldnt stay mad and admitted he should have seen it coming. They now play poker every second Wednesday of the month.
If you play Led Zeppelins "Stairway to Heaven" backwards, you will hear Chuck Norris banging your sister.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird
Chuck Norris doesnt have hair on his testicles, because hair does not grow on steel..
Chuck Norris is always on top during sex because Chuck Norris never fucks up.
Chuck Norris was once on Celebrity Wheel of Fortune and was the first to spin. The next 29 minutes of the show consisted of everyone standing around awkwardly, waiting for the wheel to stop.
Chuck Norris is the only person on the planet that can kick you in the back of the face.
Chuck Norris eats the core of an apple first.
Chuck Norris doesnt pop his collar, his shirts just get erections when they touch his body.
Bill Gates lives in constant fear that Chuck Norris PC will crash.
Ghosts are actually caused by Chuck Norris killing people faster than Death can process them.
Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.
The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didnt kill you in your sleep.
Chuck Norris never retreats, he just attacks in the opposite direction.
Chuck Norris house does not have security guards. Rather, he employs a single man in uniform to lead burglars to his bedroom, where they are never heard from again.
Chuck Norris was once charged with three attempted murdered in Boulder County, but the Judge quickly dropped the charges because Chuck Norris does not "attempt" murder.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
The reason newborn babies cry is because they know they have just entered a world with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has to maintain a concealed weapon license in all 50 states in order to legally wear pants.
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
Chuck Norris plays russian roulette with a fully loded revolver... and wins.
M.C. Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can touch this.
Chuck Norris once punched a man in the soul.
Chuck Norris is not hung like a horse... horses are hung like Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris likes to knit sweaters in his free time. And by "knit", I mean "kick", and by "sweaters", I mean "babies".
Chuck Norris is 1/8th Cherokee. This has nothing to do with ancestry, the man ate a fucking Jeep.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesnt turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
Chuck Norris can play the violin with a piano
Mr. T once defeated Chuck Norris in a game of Tic-Tac-Toe. In retaliation, Chuck Norris invented racism.
It is considered a great accomplishment to go down Niagara Falls in a wooden barrel. Chuck Norris can go up Niagara Falls in a cardboard box.
Chuck Norris once had a heart attack; his heart lost.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
When Chuck Norris looks in a mirror the mirror shatters, because not even glass is stupid enough to get in between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris.
People think Billy Joel is an alcoholic and wrecks lots of cars. In reality, Chuck Norris keeps kicking Billys ass because Chuck is the Piano Man and he started the fire.
Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but Jack still couldnt dodge Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he had made a mistake.
Chuck Norris doesnt need a miracle in order to split the ocean. He just walks in and the water gets the fuck out of the way.
Rosa Parks refused to get out of her seat because she was saving it for Chuck Norris.
A Handicap parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there.
A rogue squirrel once challenged Chuck Norris to a nut hunt around the park. Before beginning, Chuck simply dropped his pants, instantly killing the squirrel and 3 small children. Chuck knows you cant find bigger, better nuts than that.
Brett Favre can throw a football over 50 yards. Chuck Norris can throw Brett Favre even further.
When God said, "Let there be light", Chuck Norris said, "say please."
The chief export of Chuck Norris is pain.
Chuck Norris doesnt use pickup lines, he simply says, "Now."
Chuck Norris can make a paraplegic run for his life.
The last digit of pi is Chuck Norris. He is the end of all things.
Chuck Norris once bowled a 300. Without a ball. He wasnt even in a bowling alley.
Chuck Norris can create a rock so heavy that even he cant lift it. And then he lifts it anyways, just to show you who the fuck Chuck Norris is.
Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
Chuck Norris can tie his shoes with his feet.
The quickest way to a mans heart is with Chuck Norriss fist.
Pinatas were made in an attempt to get Chuck Norris to stop kicking the people of Mexico. Sadly this backfired, as all it has resulted in is Chuck Norris now looking for candy after he kicks his victims.
The phrase, "You are what you eat" cannot be true based on the amount of pussy Chuck Norris eats.
Chuck Norris was originally offered the role as Frodo in Lord of the Rings. He declined because, "Only a pussy would need three movies to destroy a piece of jewelery."
If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you cant see Chuck Norris you may be only seconds away from death.
Chuck Norris doesnt play "hide-and-seek." He plays "hide-and-pray-I-dont-find-you."
Chuck Norris does not know where you live, but he knows where you will die.
Chuck Norris once had an erection while lying face down and struck oil.
Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.
Chuck Norris is currently in a legal battle with the makers of Bubble Tape. Norris claims "6 Feet of Fun" is actually the trademark for his penis.
The saddest moment for a child is not when he learns Santa Claus isnt real, its when he learns Chuck Norris is.
Most men are okay with their wives fantasizing about Chuck Norris during sex, because they are doing the same thing.
Chuck Norris used to beat the shit out of his shadow because it was following to close. It now stands a safe 30 feet behind him.
Bullets dodge Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris cannot predict the future; the future just better fucking do what Chuck Norris says.
Someone once tried to tell Chuck Norris that roundhouse kicks arent the best way to kick someone. This has been recorded by historians as the worst mistake anyone has ever made.
Before Chuck Norris was born, the martial arts weapons with two pieces of wood connected by a chain were called NunBarrys. No one ever did find out what happened to Barry.
Upon hearing that his good friend, Lance Armstrong, lost his testicles to cancer, Chuck Norris donated one of his to Lance. With just one of Chucks nuts, Lance was able to win the Tour De France seven times. By the way, Chuck still has two testicles; either he was able to produce a new one simply by flexing, or he had three to begin with. No one knows for sure.
We all know the magic word is please. As in the sentence, "Please dont kill me." Too bad Chuck Norris doesnt believe in magic.
When Chuck Norris needs an egg he cracks open a chicken.
Behind Chuck Norris beard there is no chin. Its just another fist.
Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then it exploded.
Chuck Norris once broke a mirror over the head of a black cat while standing under a ladder on Friday the thirteenth. The next day he won the lottery.
Chuck Norris can speak French... In Russian.
Chuck Norris can put out a fire with a gallon of gasoline.
Chuck Norris once climbed Mt. Everest in 15 minutes, 14 of which he was building a snowman at the bottom.
A bulletproof vest wears Chuck Norris for protection.
Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.
Chuck Norris doesnt dial the wrong number, you pick up the wrong phone.
Fear of spiders is called arachnophobia, fear of tight spaces is called claustrophobia, and fear of Chuck Norris is just plain logic.
Chuck Norris can cut a knife with butter.
Every Chuck Norris joke is a five star joke just because it says Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can kill your imaginary friends.
Chuck can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Chuck Norris can hear sign language.
Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest.
When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad he turns into Chuck Norris. When Chuck Norris gets mad, run.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesnt turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
Chuck Norris was once charged with three attempted murders in Boulder County, but the Judge quickly dropped the charges because Chuck Norris does not "attempt" murder.
Chuck Norris was once on Celebrity Wheel of Fortune and was the first to spin. The next 29 minutes of the show consisted of everyone standing around awkwardly, waiting for the wheel to stop.
When Chuck Norris gives you the finger, hes telling you how many seconds you have left to live.
If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says its beef, then its beef.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Chuck Norris doesnt cheat death. He wins fair and square.
When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher assigned an essay: "What is courage?" He received an A+ for turning in a blank page with only his name at the top.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
Chuck Norris calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd. No one fools Chuck Norris.
When a zombie apocalypse starts, Chuck Norris doesnt try to survive. The zombies do.
When Chuck Norris was born he drove his mom home from the hospital.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack... even a heart isnt foolish enough to attack Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
If he wanted to, Chuck Norris could rob a bank. By phone.
Big foot claims he saw Chuck Norris.
The real reason Hitler killed himself is because he found out that Chuck Norris is Jewish.
Chuck Norris once went to mars. Thats why there are no signs of life.
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice.
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard your blood will bleed.
The reason the Holy Grail has never been recovered is because nobody is brave enough to ask Chuck Norris to give up his favourite coffee mug.
Chuck Norris CAN find the end of a circle.
Chuck Norris doesnt play "hide-and-seek." He plays "hide-and-pray-I-dont-find-you."
Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
Brett Favre can throw a football over 50 yards. Chuck Norris can throw Brett Favre even further.
It is considered a great accomplishment to go down Niagara Falls in a wooden barrel. Chuck Norris can go up Niagara Falls in a cardboard box.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
M.C. Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can touch this.
Chuck Norris plays russian roulette with a fully loded revolver... and wins.
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
If you spell Chuck Norris wrong on Google it doesnt say, "Did you mean Chuck Norris?" It simply replies, "Run while you still have the chance."
Leading hand sanitizers claim they can kill 99.9 percent of germs. Chuck Norris can kill 100 percent of whatever the hell he wants.
There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.
Chuck Norris tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
Chuck Norris doesnt have good aim. His bullets just know better than to miss.
Chuck Norris can pick oranges from an apple tree and make the best lemonade youve ever tasted.
Chuck Norris has a diary. Its called the Guinness Book of World Records.
Chuck Norris beat Halo 1, 2, and 3 on Legendary with a broken Guitar Hero controller.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
Chuck Norriss daughter lost her virginity, he got it back.
Chuck Norris tells Simon what to do.
Chuck Norris knows Victorias secret.
Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norriss Blood Type is AK-47.
The saddest moment for a child is not when he learns Santa Claus isnt real, its when he learns Chuck Norris is.
The reason newborn babies cry is because they know they have just entered a world with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Bill Gates lives in constant fear that Chuck Norris PC will crash.
Chuck Norris dog is trained to pick up his own poop because Chuck Norris will not take shit from anyone.
Giraffes were created when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck refers to himself in the fourth person.
Chuck actually died four years ago, but the Grim Reaper cant get up the courage to tell him.
Police label anyone attacking Chuck Norris as a Code 45-11.... a suicide.
Some kids piss their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.
Chuck Norris does not submit to homeland security, he IS homeland security.
Chuck Norris once bowled a perfect game with a marble.
Chuck Norriss computer has no "backspace" button, Chuck Norris doesnt make mistakes.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but Jack still couldnt dodge Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris is the only person on the planet that can kick you in the back of the face.
On a high school math test, Chuck Norris put down "Violence" as every one of the answers. He got an A+ on the test because Chuck Norris solves all his problems with Violence.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.
Chuck Norris went around the world...by standing still.
Chuck Norris recorded the making of the first video camera.
Chuch Norris stood next to a bear and was told he had to leave because the bear was scared.
Chuck Norris can make a slinky go upstairs.
Chuck Norris puts the "laughter" in "manslaughter".
Chuck can divide by zero.
Chuck Norris hates Raymond.
Chuck Norris won the World Horseshoe Pitching Contest while they were still attached to a Clydesdale.
Chuck Norris once gave a man the Hiemlich Manuever. That man still holds the record for most bones broken.
Thunder is caused by Chuck Norris rubbing the stubble on his chin.
Hercules strangled two snakes in his crib when he was a baby. Chuck Norris strangled a grizzly bear moments after birth with his own umbilical cord.
There once was a street called Chuck Norris, but the name was changed for public safety because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Chuck Norris won the tour de france, on a stationary bike.
Kings buy Chuck Norris size beds.
Depending on the circumstances, Chuck Norris will decide whether or not his farts will stink. If he chooses to have them stink, he will then also determine the appropriate percentage level of rankness delivered based on the demographics of the attending audience.
Chuck Norris doesnt worry about high gas prices. His vehicles run on fear.
Chuck Norris can squeeze orange juice out of a lemon.